Installing on IBM PowerVC (#105258)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-ibm-powervc-default-deployment.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_ibm_powervc/installing-ibm-powervc-installer-custom.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installation-ibm-powervc-default-deployment_{context}"]
= Resource guidelines for installing {product-title} on {powervc-name}

To support an {product-title} installation, it is recommended that your {powervc-name} has room for the following resources available:

> .Recommended resources for a default {product-title} cluster on {rh-openstack}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Recommended resources for a default {product-title} cluster on {powervc-name}
```
